feat: add ESM builds for packages used in browser (#2112)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Adding a package

To add a new package, copy `packages/template` to your new package directory and modify the `package.json` file to reflect your desired package settings. If the package will not support browser, the `karma.conf` and `tsconifg.esm.json` files may be deleted. If the package will support es5 targets, the reference to `tsconfig.base.json` in `tsconfig.json` should be changed to `tsconfig.es5.json`.

> After adding the package, run `npm install` from the root of the project. This will update the `tsconfig.json` project references automatically and install all dependencies in your new package. For packages supprting browser, `tsconfig.esm.json` needs to be manually updated to include reference to packages ES modules build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the package, run `npm install` from the root of the project. This will update the `tsconfig.json` project references automatically and install all dependencies in your new package. For packages supporting browser, file`tsconfig.esm.json` needs to be manually updated to include reference to ES modules build.
```
